editoast: document ROOT_URL (#13386)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: editoast/README.md

docker exec osrd-editoast editoast roles add 'mock/mocked' Admin
```

> ## Api's root URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cartography endpoint's root URL
```

I think it's worth mentioning cartography in the title so that anyone facing the problem with their map can find this section (slightly) more easily.

Author: To me it's not bound to affect only cartography in the future and the env-var role is a wider.
So I added [`cartography issues` in the tip](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/osrd/pull/13386/commits/b037fdff4e69f8be6914b460f54c309189be5e84), but let the title as-is, hope it's OK for you.

Reviewer: > it's not bound to affect only cartography in the future

Do you have something specific in mind? 🤔 I don't think the tartine would be impacted and only cartography uses the var today.

Agreed about the var name being wider than its use, but that's a naming issue to me.

Either way I'm fine with it, feel free to resolve and merge :)

Author: Agreed on current and planned use (only map).

To me the var is named correctly after what it contains (could be `EDITOAST_ROOT_URL`), as it doesn't contain the root of map's endpoint.

And an example I had in mind is pagination links where we would provide something already built.

As I think we understood each other and nothing is especially shady, I'll resolve and merge as-is.

> Editoast provides links to other own API resources, and for those to be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Editoast provides links to its own ednpoint, and for those to be
```

If this matches what you mean, I think it's clearer that way

correct, the `ROOT_URL` env-var should be specified to the client-facing

> root-URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
root-URL of Editoast.
```

In the dev stack, its value is `http://localhost:4000/api` (after gateway's

> configuration for own URL and editoast's prefix).

Author: 👋 @leovalais:

If you can think of a better description, please do 🙂 

Also, there may be some other good places to mention this, like gateway's README(or config?), or [website](https://osrd.fr/en/docs/guides/deploy/): any input/idea is welcome 🙏

Reviewer: I think this covers the topic nicely, thanks :)

Maybe a link in the gateway's README would be useful, but I don't think anyone facing the problem will look at that before reading editoast readme though. As for the website, this env var is already configured by docker-compose (and we don't have a "Deploy locally" section). So if someone were to configure the stack locally, they'll surely read this PR's section at some point. 🤷

Author: Added a [note](https://github.com/OpenRailAssociation/osrd/pull/13386/commits/b037fdff4e69f8be6914b460f54c309189be5e84#diff-b7f45d90a1bb7adfdb939a615b5a9145c9abf8a2300487f8eecad52220e7faa9R77) in gateway's config and readme.
